so Paul oh no I'm fine with just
chopsticks it's not this place on the
food network guys radicchio salad I'm so
Mary oh my god these are my favorite
carbs ever I gotta put my glasses on
snow may recognize me from my the one
that I get it tj's is way better this
was the best pie I've ever had okhla
grown sweet seriously thousand ohm
Chinese food I don't know and this G
really gives me headaches let's go to
yogurtland high fructose corn syrup
isn't that what cars run off of
presentation lackluster I am so shit out
of this I could kill somebody right now
because i'm so hungry i want my
firstborn child to be born into a bath
of the sort
I don't know how gonna get lucky oh nice
top chefs on oh my god oh I should have
worn my stretchy pants that's the
coolest thing I've seen since absinthe
was legalized I heard amber I think
you